How to play A.K.I in SF6 - A Complete Guide - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kBkizvG7eM

Transcript:
 Hello, welcome to my Aki guide. This has been a project that I've been working on for a while now.  People have requested it. This is also, I should mention, this is a sub request from my stream.  So thank you to everyone who subbed, it was a sub goal for a while.  So, let me start from the beginning.
 Who am I?  If you don't already know, if you're not familiar um i'm broski  um long time street fighter player um i've been involved in the fgc for a very long time  i've been an aki main since the day she came out um she just kind of clicked with me you know i've  been competing with aki for a while i've done you know lots of cpts you know i won a cpt with aki  i got you know legend rank so that's kind of like my background  I'm I consider myself to be like uh I don't know an Aki expert if that doesn't sound too arrogant
 uh but yeah so I'm I'm doing a guide here for everyone who wants to learn how to play Aki  so let's start off with why play Aki I think Aki is really fun. It's hard for me to recommend a character for reasons beyond  that. She's very rewarding.
 She's the kind of, she's a bit technical, but she's the kind of  character who like has more and more layers of depth the more time you put into her. And I really  like that. That's my kind of character where you never feel like you're done learning stuff. You  know, she's always got something new to find.
 In terms of aki's archetype people ask like what kind of play style does she have  it's hard to pin down she doesn't really play like anyone else in the game i can't really say  she's got she fits into like a um an existing archetype so um the best way i describe her  play style is she's kind of hit and run, she can play very slow at  distance, and then she can suddenly very quickly get in and be very explosive up close, and then  easily get back out again, so she's kind of like, she's a character that you play at two speeds  generally, you either rush down or you back off, and you want to constantly be switching between
 those two speeds. If you played Fang.  I get some questions sometimes about does she play like Fang.  Because she is Fang's apprentice in Street Fighter V.  She has a lot in common with Fang.  Particularly with the poison mechanic which we'll get into later.  But I actually don't think she plays that much like Fang.
 Quite a few Fang players did not move on to Aki.  So if you're an existing Fang player.  I don't know if I can recommend her  but give her a try see what you think so the structure of this video is going to be basically  I'm going to be working off an existing document so everything that I say here in this video there  is going to be kind of a bible to go alongside it so if you want to get the written version of all  of this because you don't  want to try and memorize everything from a video look in the description there is going to be an
 enormous document with everything i'm about to say if you just want the pure information written  down so i'm also going to have time codes in the video description as well so if you want to jump  to a particular section to to to find out some specific information then  of course that's that's there for a reason I don't expect anyone to sit down and watch this  in one sitting and absorb all that information you know this is meant to be kind of like a  a video that you can sort of come back to like frequently you can refer to it you can just watch
 a little bit and then try and absorb  it i don't expect anyone to just be an expert after one watching you know it's it's supposed  to be here for a while uh okay terminology and assumptions so making this guide i am going to  assume you are not a complete beginner to the entire concept of street fighter okay there are  better guides than mine if you are completely new to the genre or completely new of street fighter okay there are better guides than mine if you are completely new  to the genre or completely new to street fighter and you have no context for like any of this
 uh i would recommend starting out with some like complete beginner tutorials of just like how to  understand the game first before you look before you watch this um i'm going to be using common  fgc terminology so if you don't understand the words that I'm saying or the terms that I'm using, there's going to be a link down in the description to Infill's Glossary, which is a really useful  resource and it explains in plain English what all the FGC terminology means.
 So yeah, use that  if you don't know what I'm talking about. I'm also going to be using shorthand names for some moves,  which I will mention as i go  because it will get tiring after a while to say things like serpent lash when everyone in the  community just kind of calls it whip like uh there's a lot of common names for things so like  viable for example coward crouch but we'll get into those when we cover the moves  um in terms of like notation terminology i'm going to be using sort of standard street fighter  notation for most inputs when i'm talking about them casually so for example quarter circle forward
 half circle back terms like this when i'm just generally talking about things but when we get  down to actually notating combos i will use numpad notation if you don't know what those things are  again you can consult the document in the video description. It will explain what those mean.  Okay, so the context of the production of this video, I should also say, as of the time of recording, we're currently a few weeks into Season 2.
 Aki got major buffs in the balance patch.  So, you know, more things may develop over time.  I can't say that everything i  say here is going to be 100 accurate forever you know things change characters evolve things  develop but that's where we are right now at time of recording um in terms of future balance patches  what i'll probably do in in as they come out is i will record extra videos going over changes in  the future as they come hopefully this guide doesn record extra videos going over changes in the future as they come.
 Hopefully this guide doesn't become too outdated by future balance patches, but I can't predict  what Capcom will do. But I will definitely do more videos in future to cover any future changes.  So with that out the way, let's talk about system mechanics. Most system mechanics in this game are  universal.
 So I'm only going to  cover the ones that are uniquely different or have a special property worth mentioning that's  specific to Aki. Okay, so drive rush. Aki's drive rush is extremely fast and it covers an extremely  long distance. She has one of the best drive rushes in the game and this is a core part of her neutral game and her combos.
 I mentioned earlier that she's very fast as like a hit and  run character. This is a big part of it. She can go from being far away to in your face very quickly  and very efficiently. So her drive rush is very good. In terms of Aki's drive impact, it's worth mentioning that this drive impact is actually unusually disjoint.  The hitbox for this drive impact extends further than the animation would suggest, but generally you don't need to know much about this.
 It doesn't change most interactions, it rarely matters because these things are armoured regardless.  But her drive impact is is relative to other drive  impacts in the game surprisingly good in terms of hitboxes but again doesn't  really matter that much but worth saying so Aki's throws her forward throw and  back throw both do the exact same damage at 1200 but it is worth mentioning that  her back throw gives significantly more knockdown advantage.
 Her forward throw only gives her a plus 19 knockdown.  While her back throw gives her a plus 27 knockdown.  I should also mention that her forward throw can be looped in the corner.  She does have a throw loop.  You simply walk forward after each throw.  This is a manually timed walk forward,  so make sure you learn the timing for this.
 You don't want to be hit by your opponent doing wake-up normals.  So generally, I would say you only really want to forward throw if it's going to put your opponent in or near the corner  so that you can set up her throw loop game.  If you're in the middle of the screen or your back is to the wall  back throw is generally better because of the increased knockdown advantage  okay poison and toxic blossom some of Aki's moves inflict a poison status  effect this poison will inflict damage over time, if you look at the opponents health
 bar it's very slowly draining away. The total damage of this poison is 420, I know, the  meme. The poison status will be removed if Aki takes damage from the opponent. It's also  worth mentioning that poison damage cannot KO the opponent, even while poisoned  they will just stay at 1 HP.  Poison damage interestingly is not subject to combo scaling, so if the opponent is taking  poison damage during a combo, even if the combo is super scaled and down to like 10% of the original  damage the poison damage will still continue to do its full damage and this can be quite important
 in a lot of situations because the poison damage becomes very noteworthy once you reach max scaling Poison will naturally wear off 7 seconds after being applied if you are not hit out of it.  However it's very important to keep in mind that the poison status will continue as long  as the opponent is in hitstun, which means that if you start a combo while the opponent  is poisoned, the poison status will never wear off.
 You don't have to worry about losing poison midway through your combo, even if you pass  the 7 second mark. poison damage will also not tick during aki's level 3 animation  as this completely freezes the timer so you get no additional damage if your opponent is poisoned during this super.  However, do note that her poison damage will continue to tick during her level 1 and level  2 supers, and this is particularly important for her level 1, which I'll go into more detail later.
 Toxic Blossom.  Landing certain attacks on an already poisoned opponent will trigger additional effects.  These additional effects are known as Toxic Blossom.  These will be covered in detail with each moves breakdown as I get there.  Do note that there are some moves that can apply the poison status,  but do not have a unique toxic blossom effect.
 Alright, let's break down Aki's normals. Crouching Light Punch.  Crouching Light Punch is a fairly standard 4 frame normal.  It can chain into itself and also into crouching light kick it can also link into her standing light kick which is a very important part of Aki's combo structure  on counter hit it can link into standing medium punch  and on punish counter or after a drive rush it can link into stand medium punch, and on punished counter or after a drive rush it  can link into stand medium kick or crouching medium punch.
 It's also special cancelable, making it a useful combo tool.  Standing light punch.  Standing light punch is a 5 frame normal, making it slower than crouching light punch,  and it also has slightly less range than crouching light punch is a 5 frame normal, making it slower than crouching light punch, and it also has slightly less range than crouching light punch  it's not particularly useful by itself, but it becomes a target combo when pressed twice  this target combo is also a frame trap, so you can catch your opponent trying to mash buttons in the middle
 buttons in the middle. The forward movement on this target combo, where Aki steps forward between the first  and second light punch, makes it the only way to confirm two lights at max range.  Stand light punch also has the lowest recovery of all of Aki's lights  and this can sometimes confuse people who perfect parry it  it's only plus 7 after a perfect parry  be ready to punish if your opponent drops their perfect parry combo  Jumping Light Punch  Jumping Light Punch is a kind of niche  jump normal. It's fast on startup, so you can use it as an air-to-air. Due to the fast startup,
 and the fact that it's angled downwards, this can actually be used for an instant overhead  in certain fuzzy setups. But those are about the only uses I've found  for that normal. Crouching Light Kick. Crouching Light Kick is a 5 frame light that also hits  low. It can chain into itself and also into Crouching Light Punch.
 Crouching light kick is actually Aki's longest reaching light normal, although at  distance it's very difficult to convert anything afterwards. This normal is mainly useful to  catch your opponent low on wake up, and it also is very useful as a drive rush normal,  given that it will link into standing medium punch afterwards.  Standing light kick.
 Standing light kick is a four frame light but it has longer range  than crouching light punch. It can also be linked into from crouching light punch.  Uniquely her standing light kick is the only light attack she has which can combo into medium serpent lash.  This forms a very important part of her combo structure which we'll get into later on.  Jumping light kick. Jumping light kick is one of Aki's two cross-up normals.
 It's also the only one of the two cross-up normals she has that can hit both front and back.  Be aware though that the cross up hitbox is very narrow, meaning that it can whiff easily if you're not directly behind the opponent's head.  not directly behind the opponent's head.  Also note that the damage and hitstun are very low to compensate for the fact that it can hit on both sides.
 You can usually only combo into lights afterwards.  Crouching medium punch.  Crouching medium punch is an 8 frame start up medium.  Although note that it has quite a lot of recovery, it's quite  vulnerable on whiff. It has the longest range of her special cancelable mediums. It's also  the only medium that Aki has that can combo into OD Lash without a counter hit or a punish counter.
 This normal is mostly used for whiff punishing and for  drive rush cancels from neutral.  Standing medium punch. Standing medium punch is Aki's fastest medium at 6 frames start up.  It's also special cancelable.  This normal has short range relative to the rest of her mediums, but it has a good hitbox.  This is also Aki's best normal for intercepting forward moving approaches such as a drive  rush.
 It can also link into lights on counter hit.  And it can also link into itself on a punished counter or after a drive rush.  Note that being 6 frames also makes this normal extremely good for punishing block drive reversals.  Be careful using this button on whiff, as it causes Aki to step forward which leaves  her very vulnerable to whiff punishes.
 Jumping medium punch.  This is an upward angled air normal, and it's designed exclusively to be used for air to  airs.  On hit it does put the opponent into a juggle state, but if performed early in the jump  arc you rarely get anything afterwards.  Even if you're unable to pick up a combo afterwards, you can still take advantage of  the knockdown in order to get Oki.
 This can even be done from a backwards jump.  Crouching medium kick.  Crouching medium kick is Aki's best low.  It's 7 frames startup.  Unlike a lot of the best crouching medium kicks in this game,  it's not special cancelable. But it makes up for this by being plus 1 on block.  It's one of only two crouching medium kicks in the entire game that are plus on block.
 It's also plus 5 on hit, allowing you to link into any light afterwards.  With dry brush advantage, this normal becomes plus 5 on block and plus 9 on hit. On block  you're plus enough to walk up and get a tick throw afterwards, and on hit you can link into stand heavy kick.  Crouching medium kick can also be super cancelled directly.
 The window to confirm crouch medium kick into super is very small.  It may be possible for some players with extremely good reactions to single hit confirm this,  but I can't do it.  So be careful.  The main usage of this super cancel is either to counter your opponents drive impact, particularly  in burnout, or as a hard read on defense if you're sure your opponent is going to go for a shimmy.
 Standing medium kick.  Standing medium kick is Aki's longest range medium.  It's 8 frame startup, but it's not special cancelable.  On hit, it will link into stand medium punch up close.  It will also link into itself on counter hit On punish counter or with drive rush advantage it will link into standing heavy kick  Standing medium kick has an extremely good hitbox and a very small hurtbox around her feet  Aki can easily go over low hitbox and a very small hurtbox around her feet.
 Aki can easily go over low hitboxes, giving her a punish counter.  When used as a whiff punish like this, you can link into crouch heavy kick,  crouch heavy punch, level 1 and level 3 depending on the range.  Jumping medium kick.  Jumping medium kick is a situational jump normal, it's not particularly useful as an  air to ground approach, but it can be very good as an air to air against certain dive  kicks.
 Jumping medium kick can also hit standing characters when done instantly.  While it's too slow to use this as an instant overhead,  you can use this as a hard callout option against meaty throws.  Do be careful though, because if you use it in this way, even on punish counter, as you see there,  Aki is still very minus afterwards.
 So I'd recommend only doing this as a way to close  out rounds if you're sure  your opponent is going to go for a throw. Crouching Heavy Punch.  Crouching Heavy Punch is 10 frame startup and it's a sliding low that acts like a sweep.  This normal is very good for counter punishing other sweeps even at max range.  counter punishing other sweeps, even at max range.
 Although do keep in mind that not all sweeps are minus 10 on block.  So practice this on a case by case basis.  When landing as a punish counter,  crouch heavy punch will give Aki an extremely long hard knockdown.  This can be used to set up lots of good oki situations.  Be careful throwing this normal out though because it's very unsafe on whiff and on block.
 Crouching heavy punch is also useful to end some juggle combos when focusing on oki and corner carry, particularly when performed out of a drive rush. Standing Heavy Punch. Standing Heavy Punch is a 12 frame heavy with  very long range, but it has a lot of recovery. It's minus 4 on block, but rarely punishable if spaced correctly.
 Standing Heavy Punch is not special cancelable,  but it can be pressed twice to give you a target combo.  This target combo can be delayed quite heavily,  allowing for single-hit confirms.  laid quite heavily, allowing for single hit confirms. The second hit of the target combo also inflicts poison if the opponent is not already poisoned.
 If the opponent is already poisoned, the second hit will activate a toxic blossom effect and  launch the opponent, allowing full juggles afterwards.  This target combo can also be used at the end of some combos to cheaply and efficiently  re-poison your opponent.  Jumping Heavy Punch.  Jumping Heavy Punch is Aki's best traditional jump in.
 This normal hits very deep vertically,  it can be pressed early in the jump arc and will sometimes stuff Antiez out of their startup.  Overall Aki's Jump Heavy Punch is her best jump in for an air to ground approach.  Crouching Heavy Kick. Crouching Heavy Punch is a 10 frame poke with very good range  although despite appearances this normal is not a low  crouching heavy kick is not special cancelable and it doesn't link into anything on hit or on  counter hit despite this crouching heavy kick is super cancelable,  and the cancel window on this normal is enormous. This is very, very easy to single hit confirm
 straight into a super. It's also noteworthy that when this normal is cancelled directly into a  super, it incurs no damage scaling penalty. The super will do 100% of its base damage. This is particularly  threatening when you have level 3 stocked and can do well over 50%.  Crouching heavy kick is also a very solid anti-air, particularly against long range  jumps.
 If it counter hits an airborne opponent, they are left in a juggle state.  From far away you can't link anything afterwards, but close up you can link straight into crouch heavy punch level 1 or level 3.  You can also cancel this straight into supers on anti air, allowing a combo into level 2.  But note that this is quite risky, as you will not get a combo if the opponent did not press  an air normal.
 On a grounded or airborne punish counter crouch heavy kick will launch the opponent.  A grounded punish counter can give you a juggle straight into Light Serpent Lash.  You can also go into a Drive Rush Stand Light Kick from any range, this makes it very good  as a whiff punish.  On an airborne punish counter, you can connect into Drive Rush Normals if you hit from far away, or juggle straight into quarter  circle back heavy punch up close.
 Crouching heavy kick also has above average juggle potential, meaning that you can tag on at the end of some combos and then cancel into super.  Standing Heavy Kick.  Standing Heavy Kick is Aki's fastest heavy normal at 9 frames.  It's also Aki's only special cancelable heavy normal.
 Standing heavy kick is probably  her most versatile normal, it's vital for her combo game, very good for whiff punishing,  it's a very solid anti-air, and it forms a core part of her offensive pressure.  On hit, standing heavy kick is plus 4. You can link lights afterwards, but it's rarely worth doing.  On counter hit, you can link into stand medium punch, which is situational at best.
 However, on a punish counter, this move causes a special stagger state,  which allows you to combo into both heavy kick cruel fate and venomous fang. Both of  these are very important combo starters. The Punish counter also adds a large screen shake effect with extra hitstop  that makes it very easy to identify when choosing the right follow-ups.
 On regular hit, Stand Heavy Kick is Aki's only normal that can combo into Coward Crouch Roll.  On block, this normal is minus 3.  However, this move can be cancelled into Coward Crouch Roll to create a frame trap.  You can also create a mix-up by cancelling into Coward Crouch Grab.  cancelling into Coward Crouch Grab. However note that this command grab is very slow and not a true tick throw.
 Stand Heavy Kick can also be cancelled into Light Snake Step in order to reposition,  bait drive impact and bait invincible reversals. As mentioned earlier Stand Heavy Kick is a very good anti-air. It will cover a lot of angles in front of Aki.  However, be careful as this will consistently lose to cross ups.  Jumping Heavy Kick  Jumping Heavy Kick is similar to Jumping Heavy Punch. It has a worse vertical angle than Jumping Heavy punch and has to be pressed later in the jump arc.
 However it makes up for this by having better horizontal range,  allowing you to jump in from further out. It's also worth mentioning that jump heavy  kick does a lot more hit stun than jump heavy punch. If pressed as early as possible jump heavy punch is only plus  six on hit while jump heavy kick will be plus nine. This is an important distinction because  plus nine is the right amount of frames to be able to pick up a stand heavy kick when you land.
 Okay let's talk about command normals starting with down forward medium punch.  Okay, let's talk about command normals, starting with Down Forward Medium Punch.  This is Aki's overhead.  It's slower than most overheads, but it sort of compensates for that by having a kind of deceptive animation.  Aki kind of crouches down at the beginning, which can make it not seem like an overhead.
 Aki can pick up a combo afterwards on counter hit, on punish counter, and most importantly from a drive rush.  Due to this overhead being plus 3 on hit and having 3 active frames it can also be done  as a meaty, making it plus  4 or plus 5 depending on the setup. This is a big part of her corner set play.
 Forward Heavy Punch. Forward Heavy Punch is a slow lunging attack with 16 frames of startup  but it has very good range. It's minus 4 on block but  it's only punishable if done very close. On counter hit you can link forward heavy punch  into stand light kick. And on punish counter you can link into Stab Medium Punch.
 Although do note that these will not work from  max range. Forward Heavy Punch is super cancelable. Similarly to Crouch Heavy Kick, this can also be  single hit confirmed. The window is a little bit smaller than Crouch Heavy Kicks, but it's still doable.  Board heavy punch also does good damage to the opponent's drive gauge on block.  I use this normal a lot to harass people when they're low on drive gauge.
 Board heavy punch is also sometimes used at the end of combos to connect to super, particularly after a medium punch lash crumple.  Forward Heavy Kick. Forward Heavy Kick is a 14 frame startup double hitting hop kick.  Although Aki jumps into the air, this move doesn't actually cause her to become airborne,  however this move can crush lows from frame 11 onwards.
 Board Heavy Kick is also plus 2 on block, making it a very good offensive pressure tool.  Despite this move hitting twice, the second hit will still inherit bonus  properties from Counter Hit and punish counter.  You can take advantage of the plus frames on this move on block in a number of ways.  If you press any light attack afterwards, you will get a counter hit.
 If you press standing medium punch afterwards, you can force a trade with the opponent's 4 frame button.  Press standing medium punch afterwards, you can force a trade with the opponents 4 frame button.  This trade is usually advantageous enough for Aki that you can actually link another  stand medium punch afterwards.
 The only exception to this as far as I know is JP.  In this situation you're only plus 5 after the trade rather than plus 6.  You can still combo afterwards though.  On regular hit forward heavy kick is plus 4 allowing links into crouch light punch and stand light kick.  It can also link into standam medium punch on counter hit, and Stam medium kick after a  punish counter or a drive rush.
 One thing to note though is that forward heavy kick as a combo starter adds more scaling  than most of Aki's normals.  You can see here that in this example, the crouch jab after the forward heavy kick immediately  goes to 80% scaling.  This is not present in her other heavies.  Forward heavy kick cannot be cancelled into anything and it is quite slow which makes  it very vulnerable to drive impact. It is possible to be made DI safe using certain meaty setups though.
 Forward jump down heavy punch.  This is a fairly unique aerial command normal.  It's input with down plus heavy punch in the  air, and it can only be performed from a forward jump.  Aki attacks in a backwards direction when using this normal, meaning that it can't actually  hit your opponent from the front, but it is very, very good as a cross up.
 It also has a significantly larger hitbox than jumping light kick, allowing it to hit  from angles where normally you'd be unable to cross up.  It also does significantly more hitstun than jump light kick, allowing combos straight  into heavies. Because of its sharp vertical hitbox, it can also connect even from a very close forward jump.
 This can even be used as a way to punish your opponent's throw tech recovery from point blank.  From very specific angles, it is possible to hit this normal as a non-cross up. This will  still cause Aki to land behind the opponent,  but it can be very ambiguous if spaced properly.  Okay, it's time to go through the special moves, starting with Sinister Slide,  also known as Coward Crouch.
 This special is performed with down and any two punch buttons,  This special is performed with down and any two punch buttons And it causes Aki to enter a stance where she slithers across the floor  During this stance Aki will automatically move forward until an action is performed or she is hit out of it  While in this stance Aki's hurtbox is significantly lowered.
 This allows her to avoid most projectiles, some normals and even drive impacts.  Aki is unable to block while in this stance, so it leaves you very vulnerable.  Aki has three special moves that can be performed from this stance, and she also can end the  stance early by pressing up.
 Be careful though since manually exiting the  stance by pressing up takes 21 frames and Aki cannot block until the animation is complete.  Heel Strike, also known as Coward Crouch Roll. This special move is performed by pressing  any kick button while in Coward Crouch stance. It's a 2 hitting kick and it's also safe  on block, at minus 3.
 On hit this move is plus 4, allowing links into Crouch Light Punch  and Stand Light Kick. On counter hit you can link into stand medium punch.  And on punish counter you can link into stand medium kick.  This move is a core combo tool for Aki, most of the time it will be comboed into directly  from standing heavy kick. You can also combo into it using a counter hit or punish counter medium punch.
 As mentioned earlier, this move is also a frame trap if cancelled into from stand heavy  kick, beating any normal on start up.  Additionally, if the opponent is expecting you to go for a command grab and they hold  up, it will also lock them to the floor for a full combo.  However unlike forward heavy kick, this move is a special move and therefore it can be  cancelled into a level 3 to protect you.
 Coward Crouch Roll can also be used in certain juggle combos. It's not the most juggle friendly move, but it's definitely workable.  Entrapment, also known as her command grab.  This move is performed by pressing light punch and light kick while in coward crouch stance.  This move is a real command grab meaning that it can't be teched like a normal throw and  can only be avoided by jumping, back dashing or using invulnerable moves.
 I think this move should be used sparingly due to the high risk,  but it's an important part of Aki's mixup game.  Aki's command grab is very useful to punish people attempting to either parry or drive  impact your strings, especially if you condition them first with Coward Crouch roll.  It's worth mentioning that Aki's command grab has a very slow animation, and it's  also worth mentioning that poison damage will tick throughout this entire animation which will noticeably boost the damage if the opponent is poisoned beforehand. Just as a fun fact this move inflicts 1852 damage which is an oddly
 specific amount. The reason for that is that on Counter, this move will inflict 2222 damage, which  is a cute little reference to Fang's obsession with the number 2.  Venomous Fang.  Venomous Fang is performed by pressing any punch button while in Coward Crouch stance.  Aki will dive at the opponent, travelling almost full screen and  knocking the opponent down on hit.
 Aki is invulnerable to projectiles during almost  the entire dive, making this move an extremely potent fireball punish.  Be careful though, fireballs with low recovery can be difficult to punish on reaction,  Be careful though, fireballs with low recovery can be difficult to punish on reaction, especially from long range.  Also, this move is extremely unsafe if blocked.
 On hit, Venomous Fang will also inflict poison. If the opponent is already poisoned, this move will activate two different Toxic Blossom effects depending on the opponent's current state.  If the opponent is grounded and poisoned, the move will crumple them allowing many combo conversions.  If the opponent is airborne and poisoned the move will send them into a tumbling state.
 While this state may appear visually similar to a knockdown, you should think of it more  like another type of juggle state, and you can reliably combo afterwards depending on  the situation.  You can also choose not to continue the combo from this tumble state and instead take advantage of the extremely long knockdown time in order to set up Oki.
 Finally Venomous Fang can be used as a very situational anti-air. It does not have a particularly  good anti-air hitbox, but it travels quickly and it can sometimes snipe full screen jumps, particularly against a fireball trap.  Nightshade Pulse, also known as Aki's fireball.  This move is performed by using a quarter circle back plus light punch.
 Aki throws a single projectile, this projectile inflicts poison on hit only.  This fireball has some of the worst frame data of any projectile in the game at 52 total  frames, so it often struggles to compete in a traditional fireball war.  This fireball is also quite susceptible to jumps and drive impacts.
 On the flip side, this projectile travels extremely slowly and because of that, I think  it should be thought of not so much as a zoning tool, and more as a shield to safely approach  behind, particularly when combined with Aki's incredible drive rush. This can be done both in neutral and as an  oki option. Aki's fireball can be cancelled into two different follow ups.
 She can cancel  into Nightshade Chaser from frame 30, and she can also cancel into OD Snake Step from frame 36.  These will be covered in more detail with their respective sections.  Aki's Fireball also has an OD version. This is performed by inputting two punches instead of one.  The OD version of Aki's Fireball has 2 hits rather than 1, it also has significantly less  recovery and knocks down on hit.
 This Fireball functions similarly to the regular one, but it's much stronger as both a zoning  option and as a shield to approach behind.  The OD version of Fireball is also plus one on block even from point blank, making it  useful in pressure strings.  Like the regular version of Fireball, the OD version can also be followed up with either  OD Nightshade Chaser, or OD Snake Step.
 Note that the OD version of Nightshade Chaser does not cost any additional drive gauge.  It's also worth mentioning that OD Fireball can cancel into OD Snake Step slightly earlier  than her regular Fireball.  Regular Fireball will cancel on frame 35, while OD Fireball will cancel on frame 32.  This makes it slightly safer against the opponent's anti-projectile moves.
 Nightshade Chaser.  As mentioned earlier, this is a special follow up to Aki's Fireballs that is performed  with a forward plus punch input. It will naturally combo from her fireball if done up close,  and this will lead to a knockdown.  Nightshade chaser also technically counts as a toxic blossom effect,  so the poison applied by the fireball will be instantly detonated.
 If the opponent blocks a fireball up close, for example when cancelling from  a normal, Nightshade Chaser will frame trap them. This can make it hard for your opponent  to take their turn back from a blocked fireball,  meaning that even on counter hit, Aki is actually minus 2.  Because of the separation distance you're basically put back to neutral though.
 Nightshade Chaser is extremely unsafe on block at minus 16 so don't abuse it.  Even with the very long pushback distance, almost every character in the game can easily  punish it using a drive rush into a 4 to 5 frame move.  Some characters don't even need to drive rush to get a punish here.  One useful use case for this move is to punish opponents attempting to advance on Aki using their fireball plus drive rush combo, since your fireball will clash with theirs,  and then Nightshade Chaser will intercept them.
 Nightshade Chaser is also useful as a combo  ender in some situations, as it will out damage all versions of Serpent Lash when followed  with a level 3. This is particularly noticeable at the end of long combos.
 As mentioned earlier, there is also an OD version of this move, but it can only be performed  from OD Fireball.  OD Chaser is significantly less useful than the regular version since OD Fireball is already  plus on block which removes the need to use it as a frame trap option.  The only reliable use case I've really found for OD Chaser is as a combo ender in very  specific max damage combo routes since it can be cancelled into both level 2 and level 3 supers.
 Orchid Spring, also known as Poison Puddle or Poison Pool. This move is performed using a quarter circle back  plus medium punch input. Aki places a poison pool on the floor. This will inflict the poison  status on any opponent that makes contact with it. It's also noteworthy that this is  the only way Aki can poison the opponent while they're blocking.
 This is Aki's most reliable  way to try to poison people from a neutral position, although she is very vulnerable  while placing the pull. It's usually advised to only perform this move from a distance,  or by using a fireball as protection. It can also be safely placed after most knockdowns.  Opponents can be re-poisoned multiple times by the same pull as long as they are standing in it.
 This can allow you to get multiple toxic blossom effects back to back.  This is very important for Aki's stun combos as well as for some situational max damage roots.  Toxic Wreath, also known as Bubble.  This move is performed using a quarter circle back plus heavy punch input.  Aki hits twice using a poisonous bubble directly  in front of her.
 This move also poisons on hit and will knock the opponent down, but  it has no toxic blossom effect. This is Aki's safest special move to buff her from a cancelable  normal as it's only minus 4 on block and leaves her far away enough that no 4 frame can actually punish. This move is generally a useful option to end chained  light strings, particularly because it frame traps on block.
 Additionally this move can also  be used to force a trade. If it trades from crouch light punch with a 4 frame normal, Aki actually gets a trade combo afterwards.  Be careful though as this special is very vulnerable to drive impact.  While not particularly potent in grounded combos,  this special is extremely juggle friendly when landed against an airborne opponent.
 On a mid-screen air connect, this can reliably combo into either a drive rush crouch heavy  punch for large corner carry, or link straight into level 2. On a cornered air connect, this can be juggled into Drive Rush Stand Heavy Kick, which forms  a key part of her corner combo routing and knockdown Oki.
 It's worth noting that although this move looks visually similar to some of Aki's  projectile options, this is actually entirely a strike attack and cannot be used to negate fireballs.  Serpent Lash, also known as Whip or Chain.  This move can be performed by using a quarter circle forward and punch input, the different  punches change the properties.
 The light punch version causes Aki to send her  chain directly forward, extending about two thirds of the screen. On hit this inflicts poison,  and on block the move has variable frame data, depending on how far away you are.  It can be anything from minus 6 to minus 8 on block, although if spaced, it's very hard for  most characters to ever punish. The chain can also negate a projectile, however doing so will prevent it from also hitting the opponent.
 This move is fast,  and it covers a lot of distance, and can generally be used to harass opponents in the midrange.  The reward on regular hit is fairly low, but it can chip away at your opponents drive gauge or poison them from a stray hit. Be careful though because this move is very vulnerable to both jump  and drive impact.
 If light punch lash connects on an already poisoned opponent it will activate  toxic blossom. This sends the opponent into a very limited juggle state.  From most distances it is not possible to follow up after this juggle, unless very close  or in the corner.  If you're close enough to your opponent you can go into crouch heavy punch level 1 or  level 3. If light punch lash connects as a punish counter, it actually causes the opponent to crumple.
 If the opponent is not already poisoned, the crumple on punish counter is very short.  You can't get any follow ups from far away, but up close you have enough time to drive rush into a light.  If the opponent is already poisoned, then the crumple on punish counter is significantly  longer and can almost always combo into drive rush stand heavy kick.
 At the absolute tip, it's sometimes necessary to substitute stand heavy kick for  either stand heavy punch or crouch heavy punch.  Medium Punch Serpent Lash When activated with medium punch, this move  changes to a diagonal upwards angle. On hit this move launches the opponent far away and poisons  them.
 This move is very unsafe on block at minus 12 and additionally this move cannot hit crouching  characters which is very important to keep in mind for her combo structure. It's also the slowest of  all three regular versions of Serpent Lash and will only combo from heavies, mediums and standing light kick.  Medium Serpent Lash can also be used as a situational anti-air, but it's very very  slow, usually it's only reserved for hard reads on someone jumping a fireball.
 If the opponent is already poisoned, this move will activate Toxic Blossom, causing  the opponent to be put in a crumple state.  This crumple is one of Aki's most important combo tools, and there are many follow ups  to choose from.  If the opponent is poisoned and airborne, the toxic blossom effect will pop them up  into the air, allowing even further juggles.
 Heavy Punch Serpent Lash When activated with heavy punch, the chain  attacks vertically upwards.  On hit, this version launches the opponent and poisons them.  On block, it's very punishable.  It's also faster than medium whip, and this special will combo from any special cancelable normal.  Heavy Serpent Lash is one of Aki's best anti-airs. It has air invulnerability starting from frame 4.
 Note however that the purely vertical hitbox can make it whiff sometimes against empty  jumps.  If the opponent is already poisoned this move will activate Toxic Blossom, launching them  into a juggle state on both ground and air connect.  This Toxic Blossom effect can be combined with its anti-air properties to give Aki very  strong juggle starters from an anti-air.
 It is also possible to juggle after this move even on a non-toxic blossom anti-air, but  it has to hit very high up to do so.  Crouch heavy punch level 1 and level 3 are the most common follow ups here.  OD Serpent Lash.  The OD version is activated by pressing a quarter circle forward and any two punch buttons,  at the cost of 2 bars of drive.
 Aki sends a horizontal chain out in front of her, similar to the light punch version.  The effect on hit is very different however.  Aki will pull herself in close to the opponent, poison them and then be left point blank at  plus 4 advantage. This allows links into standing light kick and crouching light punch.
 The relatively slow start up means that this will only combo from stan heavy kick and crouching medium punch.  This move also has EX projectile durability, this means it will blow straight through any non-EX projectiles making it a useful fireball punish.  If it connects in this way it will also often be a punish counter, allowing Link's into stand medium kick.
 Be aware though, the startup is fairly slow, so if you want to use it as a fireball punish, it's more of a read than a reaction.  If you try to reaction punish, you're probably going to be too late.  Additionally, this move only has one hit of projectile durability against other EX Fireballs.  This means it'll lose outright to any 2 hit EX Fireball.
 During the part of the animation where Aki pulls herself close to the opponent, she is  actually invincible.  This can be used to avoid some attacks.  On Air Connect, this move will still pull Aki in close and poison the opponent, allowing  further juggles afterwards.  If the opponent is already poisoned this move will activate Toxic Blossom and cause a crumple  on hit, similar to the medium punch whip effect.
 Notably this crumple state is significantly longer than the one on medium whip.  It's actually possible to combo into lights afterwards while keeping the opponent standing  rather than forcing them into a juggle state.  Generally it's still preferred to juggle into heavies, so this doesn't provide that much  of an advantage.
 It's also possible to combo into a grounded throw from this crumple, which can be used  as a side switch option in the corner.  On an airborne connect against a poisoned opponent, the toxic blossom effect here is  very unique.  Using it this way will completely reset the opponent's juggle state back to 0,  allowing anything to connect afterwards, even normals.
 This effect is very useful for certain max damage juggle routes,  particularly after stuns. This property of resetting the juggle state back to zero can also be used to set up some very sneaky resets.  Rule of Fate, also known as Flip, or sometimes known as Daggers. This move is inputted by performing a quarter circle back plus kick.
 The different  kick buttons have different effects. This is the light version. Aki will jump into the  air and stab the opponent 4 times, this travels about halfway across the screen. Aki can also avoid projectiles while at the apex of this move.  On hit this move leaves Aki point blank and with a plus 1 advantage.  On block it's safe at minus 3.
 It's only possible to get a combo afterwards on punish counter, which does rarely happen.  Notably this move becomes plus 1 when the opponent is in burnout.  This gives Aki a good way to maintain pressure, although there is a big gap when cancelled  into from normals.  When hitting an airborne opponent, this move will cause a very slight ground bounce effect,  although most specials will usually not be fast enough to combo afterwards.
 You can still cancel straight into level 3 however.  Uniquely among all versions of Cruel Fate, the light kick version actually adds zero points to the juggle state.  This can be combined with the juggle state reset effect of Toxic Blossom EX Lash to allow a juggle into Stand Light Kick for advanced mixups.
 As mentioned previously, the final hit of this move can be cancelled into level 3. This can be useful for some juggle enders and can also be used to protect against late drive impacts.  Medium Kick Cruel Fate. This version is executed with a quarter circle  back medium kick.
 It's quite similar to the light kick version, although slower on  start up, but it travels slightly further.  It's also plus 3 on hit rather than plus 1, which means you can link afterwards on counter  hit as well as punish counter.  Medium kick cruel fate is probably the least useful version. It travels a bit too far to  be used in most burnout pressure strings, and it lacks the combo utility of the heavy kick  version. Occasionally you can tack it on the end of a juggle.
 It also does slightly more damage than the light kick version.  Heavy kick cruel fate.  This version is executed with a heavy kick input.  It travels nearly full screen, although it is the slowest version of this move.  Unlike the light and medium versions, the heavy kick version is actually plus 4 on hit, allowing links afterwards into a stand light kick and  crouch light punch. You can only combo into this from a punish counter stand heavy kick.
 This is an extremely important punish counter combo route. You can also use the heavy kick  version of Cruel Fate as a fireball punish due to the  long range. This gives a punish counter link into Stab medium kick.  Uniquely the heavy kick version of Cruel Fate does significantly more push back on block  compared to the light kick and medium kick versions.
 It's still minus 3, but Aki is placed outside of throw range,  making it harder for your opponent to mix you up afterwards.  The downside of this effect is that the increased pushback also applies in burnout,  making it significantly worse as a pressure tool than the light and medium kick versions.  On air connect, this move puts the opponent into a ground bounce like the light and medium  versions, however the heavy version's ground bounce is significantly higher than the other  two, and you can always get a juggle afterwards into level 1.
 This makes it a good way to end juggle combos if you don't want to spend 3 bars.  If the heavy kick version of Cruel Fate hits extremely high in a juggle, you actually have  enough time to juggle into light and heavy lash.  If any of the 4 hits drop, this will not work. OD Cruel Fate. This version is executed using any two kick buttons.
 By holding forward  or back once Aki leaves the ground you can actually steer the flip to change her trajectory.  leaves the ground you can actually steer the flip to change her trajectory. On grounded hit this move initiates a cinematic follow up, poisons the opponent and leaves  them in a hard knockdown state.  On block this move is plus 2, making it very useful for continuing pressure.
 On an air hit, this move will not activate the cinematic follow up and will instead put the opponent into a very high ground bounce, while also still poisoning them.  This ground bounce is very juggle friendly and forms a core part of some of her juggle routes.  It's worth mentioning that the cinematic follow up on the grounded version will only activate if either the first or second hit connects.
 If only the third or fourth hit connects,  you do not get the cinematic follow up and you can actually poison the opponent  and even continue a combo if you punish counter. This can actually happen quite often against fireballs.  Ok, Snake Step, also known as Slide.  Starting out with Light Snake Step. This is performed with a quarter circle forward plus light kick input. Aki lunges forward but then dashes backwards.
 Aki becomes projectile  invulnerable from frame 8 all the way until the end of recovery. It's worth mentioning that because  she's projectile invincible all the way until the end of recovery, even if you wake up back  into the fireball,  you can't actually get hit by it, you can always block.  From frame 14 until the end of recovery, Aki has a very low profile hurtbox.
 You can use this to avoid drive impact and certain reversals.  The primary usage of this move is to allow Aki to reposition herself backwards while also baiting out certain options from your opponent, such as EXDPs and Drive Impact.  You can also use this repositioning effect to go back to Aki's ideal anti-air range. Think of it mostly like a backdash that you can cancel into from normals.
 Medium Snake Step.  This version is performed with a quarter circle forward plus medium kick input.  Aki slides forward, covering a little more than half screen distance, but note that she  cannot pass through her opponent, even from point blank.  As with the light kick version, she gains projectile invulnerability and a low profile  hurtbox during the middle of the slide.
 Unfortunately due to being relatively slow and very vulnerable during recovery,  this move is almost never used to directly approach the opponent in neutral.  The main utility of medium snake step is as a way to close in on opponents after certain knockdowns in order to get oki.  Heavy kick Snake Step.
 This version is performed with a quarter circle forward plus heavy kick.  Functionally this is very similar to the medium kick version except Aki travels even further  but it's even slower.  Like the medium kick version, this is mostly used after knockdowns to cover ground quickly and get oki.  Unlike the medium kick version however, the heavy kick version can sideswitch.
 This can make it a very situational option while aki is burned out in order to escape the corner.  OD Snake Step.  This version is performed using any two kick buttons.  Aki slides forward with a very similar trajectory to the heavy kick version.  Unlike the heavy kick version however, the OD version is fully strike and projectile  invulnerable from the very first frame, making it a decent escape option to get out of pressure.
 Use it carefully though as this move has no throw invulnerability, and being thrown out  of it will be a forced punish counter causing you to instantly lose 3 bars of drive on top  of the throw damage.  The recovery for this move is very unique. If Aki side switches through the opponent  and gets to the other side, she will remain strike and projectile invulnerable all the  way through until the end of recovery.
 However, if she does not pass through the opponent  and instead stays on the same side, she does have hittable recovery. This effect is presumably to weaken its utility as a full screen fireball counter.  As mentioned previously this move can be cancelled into from Aki's fireballs.  Doing this can protect you from common fireball punishes.  You can also use this to trick your opponents  into meeting your fireball with their own, only to slide in and punish.
 Okay let's talk about Aki's supers, starting with her level 1, Deadly Implication. This one's performed with a double quarter circle plus kick input  and costs 1 bar of super meter. Aki kicks the opponent into the air, activating a cinematic  where she traps them in a bubble and detonates it. This super also poisons the opponent.
 This super is strike and throw invulnerable from the first frame, making it one of Aki's  best wake up reversal options.  Be aware though that this super has 10 frames of start up, which means it's actually possible  for some characters to meteor jab and still recover in time to block.  On hit this super does 1800 damage which makes it one of the lowest damaging level 1's  when hitting raw.
 However poison damage inflicted before the super will continue to tick during the entire  long slow animation. Keep in mind also that due to the fact that  poison damage is not subject to combo scaling, this is actually one of the highest damage The long horizontal range of this super also makes it a good punish tool, particularly  against some characters max range sweeps.
 In the corner this super also gives a surprisingly  good oki situation afterwards. A fireball done immediately afterwards cannot be jumped,  making it particularly good against opponents in burnout.  Level 2, Tainted Talons. This one's performed with a double quarter circle back plus punch input.  Aki attacks with a barrage of poison lashes. These lashes have projectile hitboxes and will neutralize both regular and EX fireballs.
 The angle and distance of the super is determined by the punch button you press.  Light punch attacks point blank.  Medium punch covers a range from about half screen all the way to full screen.  And heavy punch all the hits will go fullscreen.  Every hit of the level 2 will also inflict poison.
 Existing poison damage will tick during  this super, but the animation is so fast that it doesn't make a noteworthy difference  to her overall damage unlike her level 1. This level 2 technically starts up in 7 frames, however the first active frame is way above Aki's head.  The chains will not actually reach a grounded opponent until around frame 14, this makes  it a lot slower than the frame data numbers would suggest.
 A lot of common punishes that you'd expect to work, don't work. Unlike most level 2s, this super has no invulnerability whatsoever and you cannot use  it as a reversal. It can however be used as a fireball punish, but will only work if the  chains are able to wipe out the incoming projectile. If you miss the incoming projectile.
 If you miss the incoming projectile, Aki will get hit out of the animation, losing out on  most of the damage and 2 bars of super, so you definitely don't want this to happen.  Because of this, the medium punch version is actually a better projectile punish than  the heavy punch version, since the heavy Punch version usually misses the incoming fireball.
 This is the Medium Punch version, and this is the Heavy Punch version.  The final hit of this super will spawn a very large pool of poison to the one created by Orchid Spring, however it's significantly  larger and uniquely this pool will not disappear if Aki gets hit.  Strangely the medium and heavy versions of this super also cause the poison pool to very  slowly creep forward.
 I don't know why the light punch version doesn't do this and I don't know any real use for this property but it's worth mentioning that it exists. This super also does good chip damage on block and  is somewhat safer than most level 2s at  minus 19.  This makes it a very good and relatively safe full screen chip out option against opponent  in burnout.
 Be aware though that there are character specific ways to evade and punish this super even from  full screen. The most common way to avoid it is any character that can change their air momentum. This is performed with a double quarter circle forward and punch input, and costs 3 bars.  Aki lunges forward to initiate the level 3 cinematic.
 It travels about half screen.  As with most level 3s this is fully invulnerable from frames 1-12 making it a very  good reversal, albeit at a very high meter cost. Only use if you're certain it's gonna hit.  The super itself is fairly standard like most level 3s, it does 4000 damage on hit,  going up to 4500 if Aki is below the 25% health required for critical art.
 Aki can get Oki after both the regular level 3 and the Critical Art version by using a  Drive Rush.  It's worth noting that the Critical Art is actually less advantageous than the regular  level 3.  Generally, you want to follow regular level 3 with Drive Rush Forward Heavy Kick and Critical  Art with Drive Rush Stam Medium Punch.  As mentioned previously, this cinematic freezes the timer completely.
 Poison damage will not  tick at all during the level 3 animation, and therefore poisoning the opponent beforehand  provides no additional benefit to this super.  Ok let's talk combos. Before we get into the combos though, I want to stress that Street  Fighter 6's combo system has a ton of freedom, so I don't like to label any combo as optimal.
 Aki has a huge  number of variables to choose from when picking combo routing, including drive gauge cost,  super meter cost, regular hit, counter hit, punish counter, okizeme after the combo, screen positioning,  corner carry, whether the opponent is poisoned or not before the combo starts, and whether or not  to poison them at the end of the combo.
 The following is a list of common B and B's that cover a lot of these conditions,  but I want to stress that this is not an exhaustive list of every combo ever,  but I feel like it gives you the building blocks of her common routes to give you an idea of how  it all fits together. I'm going to include combo notation on the screen for these,  but there will also be a full list of notated combos in the attached FF2-1F I'm going to use this is the best way to do it, but I'm going to try.
 FF2-1F so  I'm not sure if this is the best way to do it, but I'm going to try. Faktum er utrolig. I'm not sure if I can do this, but I'm going to try. FF2-1F I'm not sure if this is the best way to do it, but I! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it! Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!
 Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it!  Hit it! I'm not sure if I can do this, but I'm going sure if this is the best way to do it, but I'm not sure if it's the best way to do it, but I'm going to try. Okay, let's talk about corner combos real quick.
 You may have noticed that all of the combos previously were mid-screen combos.  The reason that I didn't include corner combos for Aki is that corner combos almost always  use the same enders, so generally speaking you want to do the  same combo as the mid screen route, however the combo route diverges once you land either Toxic  Blossom Medium Lash or Toxic Blossom Heavy Lash.
 These combos will be notated from the point that  the Medium Lash connects. The combo that you use beforehand doesn't particularly matter as long as you end in medium punch lash. For corner combos ending in Toxic Blossom Heavy Lash, you do the exact same combo as  the medium lash routes, except you omit the stand heavy kick at the beginning.  Refer to the medium lash combo for more details.
 Up next, let's cover some anti-air combos, these include opponents being unpoisoned and poisoned. Friar! Friar! Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar!  Friar! Friar! FF2-1F I'm not sure if this is the best way to do it, but I'm not sure if I can do this.  Okay, let's move onto stun combos.
 So after stunning an opponent in Burnout with a Drive Impact, Aki has some very strong and  unique stun combos by taking advantage of the fact that she can set an Orchid Spring underneath the opponent before beginning the combo. Bane in my masterwork! Bane!  Orc in!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah! Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!
 Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!! Yeah! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm gonna go to the next level! I'm going to the next level! I'm going to use the same strategy as before. Come here, come here, come here Come here, come here, come here Come here, come here, come here
 Prepare  Fade in my masterwork  That's right  Orc in it  Come here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here  Come here, come here, come here  My life is death, hold still now Here, there, then here My magnum open!  Did that sting?  Bounce!  Orgasm!  Shackle!  Curse!  Flush!  Ha!  Fetch it!  Cut you! Ha! Prepare! I'm going to use the same move as the last one. I'm not sure if this is the best way to do it, but I'm going to use the gotcha banged in my master
 flying Got you! Lift your heart! It's over!  Back!  Orgain!  Step!  Crouch!  Block!  Ha!  Got you!  My other step!  Hold still now!  Here! There! Then here! And there! Okay, let's quickly talk about advanced micro-walk combos.
 By walking forward for a few frames in the middle of a combo, it's possible to restore  a tiny amount of drive gauge.  By doing this you you can perform three  drive rush cancels in a single combo, rather than the usual limit of two. This is mostly for advanced  play only, and only increases damage output by a very small amount. I would not recommend these  combos for beginners. Aki generally has two micro walks that you may see in real matches.
 I've classified them as the easier micro walk and the hard micro walk. The easier micro  walk up first is drive rush stand medium kick, walk forward for a few frames and then stand  medium punch. Here's an example combo.
 You'll know you've done this micro-walk correctly if after the drive rush you still  have a pixel of drive gauge.  If you burn out after the second drive rush, you've missed the timing.  This micro-walk is moderately lenient and I think it's reasonably match viable.  I go for this sometimes in matches, so it's definitely  more doable. The harder micro-walk is this one.
 You do a drive rush stand heavy kick,  walk forward, and then link into stand medium punch. Here's an example of that in a real combo.  The hard micro walk does fractionally more damage than the easier one, but the walk forward is frame perfect in this one and I generally don't advise this for match safety.  Use this one for style points, but I wouldn't bring it into tournaments.
 Okay now that we've talked about Aki's combos, it's also now very important that we cover  Aki's Oki.  Once you finish your combo, you need to know where to go next. We're going to start with a thing called the plus 44 knockdown, which I've covered in quite a few of the combo routes.  Many of Aki's common combo enders leave her at plus 44 knockdown advantage.
 This is an extremely important knockdown state to aim for,  since it leads to a wide variety  of powerful oki options.  Here are some examples of common plus 44 gives Aki access to an immediate safe jump.  This safe jump is immune to the vast majority of anti-air reversals. There are a small number of exceptions though.
 Lily's windclad light and EX DP and armoured reversals such as Honda Odie Headbutt and  Marisa Odie's Scutum can get through it. Note however that you can still safe jump the armoured reversals I just mentioned if  you switch from a jumping heavy attack to a jumping light attack.  This safe jump requires a lot of practice to take advantage of however.
 You have to modify your air normal depending on whether your opponent recovers in place  or they back roll. Generally if your opponent recovers in place or they backroll.  Generally if your opponent recovers in place you'll need to safe jump with a cross up  down heavy punch.  If they backroll you can safe jump with any other normal although jump heavy punch and  jump heavy kick are usually the preferred options.
 I would recommend investing a lot of time into practicing reacting to both of these  recoveries.  You can set a dummy in training mode to random recovery and then see if you can see both  sides.  Thankfully in the corner you never need to react to your opponents recovery type as it  doesn't matter if they quick rise or back roll.
 Some plus 44 knockdowns have been specially engineered to leave the opponent at a slightly  further distance.  These ones do not require you to adjust your safe jump for your opponent's recovery,  making them much safer in matches if you're struggling to react to your opponent's wakeup type.  Here's a couple of examples. Now, plus 44 oki isn't just for safe jumps, it also has some other very strong options.
 You can double dash, which will leave you plus 6 point blank on both recoveries.  After this you have several options, you can either throw, although this must be delayed  slightly.  You can do a meaty crouch light kick which will link into stand light kick.  You can go for a crouch medium kick into a link which will also be plus on block.
 You can also do a standing heavy kick which will beat  your opponents wake up buttons and give you a big combo afterwards. You can also neutral jump, this is generally a hard read to beat your opponent trying to delay tech.  You can also substitute this double dash for a medium kick snake step, this will leave you plus 5 rather than plus 6.  Being plus 5 is better in some ways, you don't need to delay at all to land a  throw here.
 However medium kick snake step does not have as much horizontal travel as  a double dash. As a result on certain knockdowns you can find yourself too far away to connect with proper links afterwards. This is particularly noticeable if the opponent back rolls. After a plus 44 knockdown, you can also set up a meaty overhead.  This can be done against a cornered opponent or a mid-screen opponent that chooses to quick rise  close to you. To perform this, you can simply dash after the knockdown and then do overhead.
 This overhead is plus 5 on a regular hit, which allows you to link into lights afterwards.  Take advantage of the fact that the opponent is likely also poisoned.  Another good option after the plus 44 knockdown is to do a drive rush. Doing an extended drive rush here is a powerful oki option since you can cancel the late frames of drive rush into block.
 This allows you to either go for drive rush enhanced normals or bait reversals by cancelling  the drive rush into a block. Here are some examples. You can do a drive rush forward heavy kick which is plus 6 on block and plus 8 on hit. You can also  do a drive rush crouching medium kick which is plus 5 on block and plus 9 on hit, this is also especially good because it's a low.
 You can do a drive rush down forward medium punch, which is an overhead that's plus 2  on block and plus 7 on hit.  You can also drive rush directly into a meaty throw, which will beat your opponent blocking  or punish counter them if they wake up with parry.  Finally you can cancel out of the drive rush into back walk, this will bait out reversals and also shimmy if the opponent attempts a delayed throw tech.
 Okay, that's enough about the plus 44 knockdown, let's talk about another key element of Aki's Oki game. Toxic Blossom Venomous Fang. Most corner combos can be ended with this move,  which gives an extremely advantageous tumbling knockdown.  This knockdown is plus 84, and gives you plenty of time to set up lots of different situations.
 You can perform an Orchid Spring after this knockdown, which will poison your opponent the moment they wake up, and this still leaves Aki at plus 38 advantage to go  for further pressure. Here are some examples. After placing the puddle you can whiff stand heavy punch to set up a tick throw.  You can also whiff a stand medium punch to time yourself for a forward heavy kick meaty.
 If you whiff a stand light punch here it also sets you up for a meaty overhead.  This is plus 5 on hit and 0 on block.  Another good option after placing the orchid spring is dash into a drive rush crouch medium kick.  This is a meaty low that's plus 11 on hit and plus 7 on block.  Finally, you can follow up the orchid Spring with an instant Fireball.
 This Fireball will hit meaty, is plus 17 on hit, plus 12 on block  and will also protect you against wake up level 1s and certain reversals. Note that these corner options are particularly powerful because they can almost all be used  to loop back into the same situation. If you choose not to place the Orchid Spring after the Venomous Fang knockdown, you can  instead whiff a Crouch Heavy Punch.
 This will convert the existing knockdown into a plus 44 knockdown, which enables any of  the previous Oki options. Another powerful oki option after Toxic Blossom Venomous Fang is performing a  light snake step into a fireball and then a drive rush. The fireball hits extremely meaty, which gives you very large advantage on hit and on block.
 This setup also has a built-in defensive option select.  The drive rush causes you to transition through parry for a small number of frames before you start moving.  You will automatically parry any fast invulnerable reversals your opponent does, such as ODDPs.  Keep in mind that this effect will automatically happen without any extra inputs on your part,  making it very very safe.
 Note however that this will not work against slower reversals,  since you'll be too far into the drive rush startup to automatically parry. Ez-exdp is a good example.  Finally I'm going to show off some assorted oki options from other common knockdown situations.  Let's start with forward throw. After a forward throw, you can perform a Drive Rush Standing Medium Kick.
 This leaves you far away if the opponent back rolls,  but because it hits meaty, you can always link into a Stand Heavy Punch.  You can also perform a Drive Rush Stand Medium Punch.  This will leave you closer than Stand Medium kick for better pressure, but you have to  manually time it.  It will whiff if you do it instantly.  After a back throw, you can do a drive rush into a forward heavy kick. This is manually timed but it leaves you point blank and very plus on both recoveries.
 If you back throw your opponent directly into the corner, you can do a regular dash and  still be plus 8.  Up next we're going to cover some fireball trap knockdowns. Several knockdowns that Aki has can only give Oki with a drive rush.  Here are some common examples.  Rather than going for a typical drive rush here, you can also opt to throw a Fireball  first and then drive rush behind it.
 Although this fireball is not a true meaty, it does create a very nasty trap where your  opponent will either have to defend against the fireball or jump over it.  If they jump the fireball, you can actually anti air on reaction with a drive rush stand very stylish combos.  Ok so we've talked a little bit about Aki's oki game, let's talk a little bit about  the reverse, let's talk about Aki's defense.
 Aki overall has some of the weaker defensive options in the game, but they must all be  utilized to avoid getting mauled once your opponent knocks you down.  Here's a brief list of Aki's main defensive options besides just regular blocking.  Perfect Parry, which will beat Strikes and Projectiles.  Delayed Throw tech, which will counter throws and will protect you against meaty buttons.
 Wake up drive reversal, which will beat throws and meaty normals with large recovery.  Block and parry drive reversal will beat drive rush cancels and moves with a lot of recovery.  Forward jump is also a good option for Aki. It evades throws and shimmies, and because  of how sharply her jump down heavy punch can cross up, it will still hit some throw recovery.
 Keep in mind though that this is still vulnerable to crosscut DPS and the opponent walking under  your jump.  Back dash is another good defensive option. It'll beat throwers and can often follow  up with a punish counter crouch light punch, especially in the corner.  Crouch light punch is also a good button to interrupt with. It'll beat fake pressure strings or mistimed meaties.
 Standing medium punch is also a good interrupt button surprisingly.  It will beat spacing traps that would normally cause crouching light punch to whiff, particularly to space themselves out.  As mentioned earlier, OD Snake Step is also a good option.  Keep in mind that this will lose to throws.  Finally, you can also use your level 1 and level 3 supers.
 All of these defensive options have a very limited set of counters.  Make sure you rotate them in a way that's unpredictable and try not to overuse any singular  option too much.  Ok let's talk about burnout pressure next.  One of Aki's most interesting aspects is her wide range of strong burnout pressure  loops.
 These are sequences of moves where the opponent cannot interrupt while in burnout unless they have  access to an invincible super. Sometimes these can even be used to create checkmate scenarios.  Let's start with crouch light punch into standing medium punch. If you loop these two normals  repeatedly it creates a frame trap that also drags the opponent towards the corner.
 This loop cannot be interrupted by anything except Invincible Supers, Marisa's Scutum and JP's Amnesia.  Note that each successive loop pushes you further away from the opponent,  you'll usually be too far away to continue after around 3 or 4 reps.
 If you have plenty of drive gauge to spare, you can wait until you're just  about to push yourself too far out, and then do stand medium punch, drive rush cancel into  another stand medium punch, then do a third stand medium punch and then restart the loop.  This sequence can be repeated multiple times, although be careful not to burn yourself out or let the opponent escape burnout.
 Once you reach the corner, you have several different options to attempt to stun your  opponent.  You can attempt Stam Medium Punch straight into a DI.  This is the simplest and most straightforward option, although there is a fairly large gap  between medium punch and drive impact.  High level opponents can punish you with a throw before the DI hits.  Another option is to do crouch light punch and then rather than doing a stand medium punch you swap it for stand heavy kick into DI.
 By switching stand medium punch for stand heavy, the gap into the DI becomes so small  that the opponent cannot escape without an invincible reversal.  However do keep in mind that crouch light punch into Stan heavy kick is not a true frame  trap, the opponent can interrupt before you get a chance to attempt the DI.
 Given that the previous two options both have holes that allow the opponent to interrupt,  this final option is much safer than the other two, but significantly more expensive.  You can do stand medium punch, drive rush cancel, crouch medium punch, and then cancel  into DI.  This is significantly more costly to your drive gauge than the previous two.
 It requires 4 bars of drive to perform, rather than 1.  However, in exchange, every part of this sequence is uninterruptible without an invincible reversal.  This is very useful for checkmate scenarios.  The gap between drive rush crouch medium punch and Drive Impact is so small in fact that even JP cannot interrupt with Amnesia.
 Another variant of the Burnout Pressure Loop is to integrate a Coward Crouch Roll into  each rep.  This sequence is also a looping frame trap, however if the opponent attempts to interrupt  between stand medium punch and roll, they'll trade.  Aki can actually combo off this trade.  Because of this trade, it's less safe than the crouch light punch standing medium punch  loop, but in exchange you will also deal a small amount of chip damage to the opponent  with each rep. This is because the roll counts as a special move.
 This can be useful to get a tiny bit of damage before stunning the opponent. It may be the  difference between the stun combo killing and leaving the opponent still alive.  Another good burnout option is light and medium cruel fate.  As mentioned previously, cruel fate also becomes plus in burnout.  This can be used as a way to bring yourself back to the point blank position meterlessly.
 This allows you to restart a loop once you push yourself too far away. However, keep in mind that this is a risky option as there's a large gap between any  normal and Cruel Fate connecting and can be interrupted so use with caution.  Interestingly, Cruel Fate can also completely avoid many common wake up supers.
 This makes  it useful in burnout pressure strings both for resuming a loop and also baiting out lots  of common level 1s, level 2s and level 3s. I'll include a list on screen of all the  supers I've found that this can beat. Keep in mind that when this interaction occurs you also get a punish counter  on Light Cruel Fate. This is the rare scenario where you can actually combo afterwards.
 Finally I'm going to go over some matchup notes for each character. These are character specific  interactions that I feel are important or worth mentioning, but I don't think these  should be seen as a full matchup guide. If I made a full guide for every matchup in the  game, this video would be 15 hours long, which I'm trying to avoid, so I'm just going to  focus on a few key points for each character.
 You can reliably beat Luke's sandblast with  Venomous Fang.  Make sure to punish Uncharged Heavy Punch Flash Knuckle with Crouch Light Punch.  Luke has very strong jumping normals that Luke players like to press early in the jump  arc.  This makes Crouch Heavy Kick significantly more likely to punish counter than in most  other matchups. Be ready to pick up a combo if this happens.
 Take advantage of Aki's extremely good drive rush to prevent Jamie from drinking.  Jamie players often like to try and get a drink in before a fireball reaches them You can bait this out by cancelling into OD's snake step to close the gap At medium distance you can punish Jamie's sweep with Stan Heavy Kick.
 And even at absolute max range you can always get a punish with Crouch Heavy Punch.  Jamie's first wrecker is minus 6 on block. This allows punishes with stand medium punch  if it's poorly spaced. Be aware though that you will open yourself  up for a spacing trap if they wrecker from further away.  Manon's overhead spin kick is minus 9 on block.
 Punish it with stand heavy kick if spaced poorly, or stand medium kick if a little further  away.  At max range, Aki cannot punish this on block.  Be aware of Manon's jump approach. She can threaten a jump in from  significantly further away than most characters, but crouch heavy kick will consistently anti-air  at this distance. Manon's level 2 is extremely unsafe on block.
 Take advantage of this recovery  by backdashing twice and then place an orchchid Spring. Against Kimberley, Stand Heavy Kick will intercept both teleports if you react  correctly. You'll also get a full combo regardless of which version is used, so press Heavy Kick  as soon as you see any puff of smoke, then use the screenshake to choose which combo to go for. You can punish Kimblee's light shoulder with a crouch light punch. Make sure to punish blocked runs slide with heavies up close and lights at long range.
 Almost all of Kimberley's run cancels are interruptible.  If you see a Kimberley player cancel any normal into her regular command run other than crouching heavy punch, you can always interrupt with a jab.  Many of Marisa's common moves to throw out in neutral can be low profiled by going into  coward crouch. This can be used to evade and punish Superman Punch, Step Kick and gladius.
 Don't overuse this however, as Marisa can punish you severely  if she predicts your enter stance. Marisa's Gladius has a very large extended hurtbox on whiff.  Wait until she's finished charging and then respond with stand heavy kick.  As mentioned previously, OD's Scutum can't be safe jumped using jumping heavy normals.  However if you switch to a jumping light attack, you can block in time which will give  you a plus 3 situation and take 2 bars of drive from the Marisa player.
 Note that crouching medium kick and crouching heavy kick are very useful pokes in this matchup.  They both hit low enough to ignore the armor on OD Gladius. You can also single hit confirm them into super.  Take advantage of Aki's extremely fast drive rush to close the gap if Lily attempts to charge windstocks from distance.
 Be careful though because if she holds the heavy spin, she can release it on reaction  to punish drive rush.  This can be mitigated by throwing a fireball beforehand.  You can also cancel out of your drive rush into Light Serpent Lash. This will end your  forward momentum and it might even give you a combo on punish counter.  Once Lili has wind charges she can easily punish fireballs using OD Condor Spire.
 Using  fireballs is ill advised once she's got stocks. You can low profile underneath Odie Condor Spire using  either Coward Crouch or Light Snake Step. It's even possible to transition from Coward  Crouch into a roll just as Lili is about to pass over you in order to get a punish. The timing is quite strict though.
 Lillie's level 2 and 3 both have gigantic recovery on block and after a neutral jump.  Both can lead to an Orchid Spring combo. Be careful attempting a safe jump if Lily has wind stocks.  High level players will punish you with wake up wind clad light or ODDP. This can be baited, but you have to do an empty jump.
 JP's standing heavy punch has a large hurtbox around his feet.  On whiff it can be tempting to try to punish with standing normals, but crouching heavy  punch is significantly more consistent.  JP has no reliable defensive options against meaty projectiles. This can be particularly  exploited in the corner as it will be OD Amnesia as well as all three of his supers.
 Although Aki's level 1 is not projectile difficult for JP to consistently anti-air.  It will often trade with JP's crouch heavy punch, which may sometimes be a trade worth  fishing for if you have the life lead. Perfect parry into a drive rush can be very useful to  get through JP's projectiles.
 Against his ground spike you can get a punish counter drive rush  stand heavy kick from the mid range. You can even do a drive rush crouch heavy punch out of perfect  parry from almost full screen.  You can also use this against his horizontal fireballs, including the first hit of the  OD version.  It doesn't always lead to a punish, but you can still utilize the drive rush to get frame  advantage on block.
 JP is very unique because his regular amnesia is active on frame 2.  This makes him one of the only characters in the game able to easily counter Aki's burnout pressure. While you  should still be proactive against a burned out JP, you can't really utilize  most of Aki's burnout loops.
 You can punish JP's down forward heavy punch  with Aki's crouch heavy punch. This works at most ranges, however be aware that at the  absolute tip, it can't be punished.  Light Serpent Lash can pass over Juri's Fireball. While this trade does slightly more damage  to Aki than it does to Juri, it's often still worth going for. You get a hard knockdown, and you also manage to take away one of Juri's stocks.
 Odie Serpent Lash will also pass over the Fireball,  however instead of trading with it, you can get a full combo.  Juri's medium kick Fuhar's Thor is minus 6 on block, and at most ranges Aki can punish  with a stand medium punch.  Be aware that Juri can be safe, but it has to be at the absolute tip.  Juri's dive kick can often make Aki's anti-airs whiff.
 Generally the better option here is just to block the dive kick and punish.  Juri's dive kick is almost never safe on block.  You can punish DJ's medium punch, heavy punch and EX fireballs with Venomous Fang.  Be careful though, since he can feint with Light Fireball.  Try to react to the projectile actually appearing, rather than just going for a guess.
 If you aren't sure if he's going to feint or not, then just cancel out of the stance.  You can punish DJ's medium kick Sobat with Stan medium punch, but only if it's poorly  spaced.  DJ's knee shot forces him into a punished counter state on anti-air.  You can take advantage of this using Stan heavy kick for a guaranteed juggle afterwards. DJ is one of only 3 characters in the game without an invulnerable level 1.
 If he enters burnout while below 2 bars of super, you can absolutely maul him.  Cammy has many different ways of approaching from the air that can be difficult to stop.  Heavy Punch Lash is your most consistent grounded option.  It has to be performed early, against low dive kicks.  Jump Back Medium Kick is an extremely good anti-air in this matchup.
 It will consistently beat dive kicks, and due to the forced punish counter, Kami will  be knocked down. You can drive rush back in  for pressure after this situation even on a back jump. Kami players will often  attempt to bypass fireballs using spin knuckle. Try to intercept it with either  crouch light punch or stand medium punch.
 Many of Kami's hooligan mix-ups can be stuffed with a jab. This will also put Cammy into a forced knockdown state which allows further juggles.  Be very careful using fireballs once Cammy has 3 bars of super. Her level 3 is extremely fast and can punish even from full screen.  If you did throw a fireball during the super flash, it's always worth trying to cancel  into EX snake step.
 It doesn't always work, but if it does it might save you.  Keep in mind that if you pull off this escape you don't get any punish afterwards. You can reliably punish Ryu's fireballs using Venomous Fang.  Aki's stand medium kick is very good in neutral in this matchup.  It'll beat a lot of common Ryu pokes and you can usually link afterwards.
 You can punish a blocked sweep using crouch heavy kick.  This works at nearly every range and leads to a juggle with drive rush.  At the absolute tip of Ryu's sweep you need to switch to stand heavy punch instead. Against Honda, try to perfect parry both headbutt and butt slam.  Against headbutt.  Heavy Punch Lash will consistently anti-air butt slam but only if Honda stays in front  of you.
 The Lash will often hit very high up in the air.  This usually leads into a juggle even without Toxic Blossom.  You can also use Stand Heavy Kick, which will lead to a juggle afterwards.  Be aware that if Honda passes behind you, then both Heavy Lash and Stand Heavy Kick will lose. You will likely get punished countered.
 At this angle, your most consistent anti-air is to air to air, jump medium punch is a good example.  As mentioned previously, you can't safe jump honda using jumping heavies.  By switching to jumping lights you can protect yourself against wake up EX headbutt.  Hondas level 2 is a projectile punish, however it can easily be baited and avoided by throwing  fireballs and then cancelling into EX snake step after the flash.
 Honda players like to use neutral jump heavy punch to steer themselves over fireballs without  risking a forward jump.  You can punish this with a drive rush into stand heavy kick.  You can punish all versions of Blanka Ball by doing a Drive Impact the moment before Blanka makes contact.  The timing is quite strict though, and you'll be left open for a large punish if you fail.
 Perfect Parry is the safer but less rewarding option.  Parry is the safer but less rewarding option. When pressuring Blanka, a delayed stand heavy kick is a good option since it will cover  both wake up OD up ball and wake up OD air ball.  Be very cautious throwing fireballs against Blanka, he can easily punish them on reaction  with down forward heavy punch.
 Blanka's forward heavy punch is safe at max range, but can be punished with crouch heavy  punch if not spaced correctly.  Blanka's down forward heavy punch is different to a lot of sliding sweeps.  Even at the absolute  tip it is still extremely punishable on block.
 Standing heavy kick will consistently punish  even the late active frames.  You can anti air his rainbow roll with stand heavy kick for a free juggle. Against Guile, Venomous Fang can punish booms, however the window  is very small so you have to react very early.  Guile's medium kick Sobat is minus 6 on block.
 You can punish it with Stam medium punch if  not correctly spaced. Guile's heavy kick upside down kick is minus 8 on block, you can punish it with crouch  medium punch up close, or stand medium kick from slightly further out.  Aki can reliably punish Sonic Blade with crouch heavy kick and crouch heavy punch, even from  distance.  Do not let guard players set this up carelessly, it can look like the projectile is blocking  you from hitting him, but he has a very large hurtbox during this move. You can also drive rush beforehand if they attempt to set it up from full screen.
 Guile's crouch medium kick to forward medium punch target combo can be punished in several  ways. Either interrupt in the middle with stand light kick, or punish the overhead on  block with another stand light kick. Keep in mind though that the overhead on block with another stand light kick  keep in mind though that the overhead is safe if it's spaced out  Guile's OD flash kick can be baited out on block by using a max range stand heavy kick cancelled into light snake step this is a very useful tool since every other
 special cancel that Aki can perform from stand  heavy kick loses to this.  You can punish a poorly spaced run heavy kick from Ken with either crouch light punch or  stand light kick.  You can also venomous fang through Ken's fireballs.  This punish is very consistent and more lenient than most, due to Ken's below average fireball  recovery.
 You can punish Ken's heavy kick dragon lash with either perfect parry, an early drive impact or a stand jab interrupt.  Chun-Li's medium kick hasanshu is a common move for chun players to throw out.  It punishes fireballs and it's also safe on block.  You can try to interrupt it in the air with a stand medium punch buffered into cowercrouch roll.
 This covers for both a grounded hit and an air hit.  You can also perfect parry the landing.  You can also perfect parry the landing. EX Hazanshu is also common in neutral, it's a better fireball punish than her other versions.  This version is minus 5 on block, so you can punish with crouch light punch up close.
 From max range you can only punish with crouch light kick into a crouch medium kick.  This can be super cancelled though.  If a Chun-Li player attempts to escape the corner using a wall jump she'll be forced  into a juggle state by any anti air normal.  Stand heavy kick will give you a big juggle.
 Chun-Li can go into her low profile stance  to avoid incoming fireballs. This makes it difficult to drive rush behind fireballs since  she can cancel into the medium punch follow up. You can bait this out by cancelling your drive rush momentum into a light punch lash for a punish counter.  You can punish Zangief's sweep with crouch heavy kick at most ranges.
 At the absolute tip you have to use crouch heavy punch.  This move is never safe against Daki.  If you ever block Zangief's larrier, a drive impact will always punish the remaining spins.  Zangief's forward heavy kick overhead is minus 9 at worst.  You can punish it with stand heavy kick if it's performed too close, although be aware it's often safe if spaced properly.
 Aki's Crouch Heavy Kick is a very good normal in this matchup. It will counter a lot of Gief's  common pokes. Most notably, it will cleanly stuff his Armored Standing Heavy Punch.  Gief is another character with no good reversal level 1.  If you get him into burnout and he has less than 2 bars, you can bully him.
 Note that his level 1 is invincible, but if he uses it to try and escape a sequence, you  can just punish on the other side.  Zangief's level 2 is extremely slow on start up.  If a geath player attempts to punish your fireball with it you can almost always cancel into EX snake step.  You then have enough time left over while geef is stuck spinning to set up an orchid  spring. Dowsing players like to float a lot in neutral in order to avoid incoming fireballs.
 You can snipe him out of the sky with Venomous Fang at low heights.  At higher heights, Medium punch lash also works.  You can often even juggle after both of these interactions. If you see Dalsim attempt an instant air teleport you can just press stand light punch.  If he teleports in you'll get a full juggle, if he teleports away you're at no risk.
 If Dowsim is floating high above you then anti air with stand heavy kick for a full  juggle. Dautim's long range normals can be whiff punished on reaction. Stand Heavy Kick buffed  into a Drive Rush can pick up combos even from full screen.  Keep in mind that Dautim has very weak wake up options, his level 1 is not invincible  and his level 2 cannot hit crouching characters.
 A meaty crouch medium kick is a very good option in this matchup.  If Dautim does wake up with his level 2, especially in the corner, wait until he releases it into  the air. The easiest punish is a throw.  If the opponent is already poisoned, you can actually utilize the invulnerability on OD Lash to evade the level 2 and continue the combo.
 Rasheed's fireballs are very easy to punish with Venomous Fang.  You can punish Rasheed's stand heavy kick with a stand light kick if not spaced correctly.  If Rashid tries to give himself plus frames using heavy punch cyclone, you can interrupt  with stand medium punch and then confirm into another light attack.
 If Rashid attempts to raw activate his level 2, Aki can actually punish it with her own level 2, even from full screen.  Don't try to manually time your level 2 here after the super flash.
 You can take advantage of street fighter 6's buffer system by inputting a double quarter circle back during rashid's  super animation and then holding down punch. This gives you a 100% consistent reversal timing. Be aware that Rasheed can make this level 2  activation safe either by getting a knockdown or putting you in block stun with EX Fireball.  blocks done with EX Fireball.
 You can also completely pass through Rashid's level 2 using either Odie Snake Step or Venomous Fang, but note that both these options are  very punishable if baited out. If you're already in Coward Crouch stance before Rashid activates the super, Venomous  Fang is actually a guaranteed punish, even from full screen.  If Rashid attempts to fly around the screen or escape the corner using Arabian Sky High,  wait until the double jump is fully completed and then anti-air with Stan Heavy Kick.
 If he's too far away, you can also use medium punch Serpent Lash or chase him down with  a Drive Rush. Rashid players sometimes like to knock you down with medium kick eagle spike and then  fully charge a fireball for Oki.  You can actually punish this easily by very easily with Venomous Fang.  Be aware though that the opposing Aki can escape using OD Snake Step.
 It's still worth going for because you'll drain 2 bars of drive from your opponent.  I've already covered most aspects of Aki's kit in the main body of this guide, so I'm  going to treat the rest of the guide as kind of the anti-Aki guide.  Refer to that for punishes and counters.  Ed's light punch blitz is minus 5 on block.
 You can punish it from all ranges with stand light kick.  Ed players like to use charge flicker in this matchup, it will interrupt you if you  go for a fireball into drive rush approach.  You can counter punish this hard by doing fireball into venomous fang or od snake step.  Edd's jumping medium kick allows him to threaten a jump in from very far angles, as  well as neutral jump from mid screen.
 Aki's crouch heavy kick will anti air this very consistently.  Ed's OD uppercut is much slower on startup than most invincible reversals.  A meaty crouch light punch will still give you plenty of time to block and punish.  His level 1 super is also slow, usually it can't punish jabs.  Wake up drive reversal is very useful against Edd's charged flicker oki, as it will still throw in the corner.
 Don't overuse this though, since Ed can bait it by cancelling into a  backdash. This requires a hard read on his part though. You can punish Akuma's Fireball  with Venomous Fang. The second hit of Akuma's Stand Heavy Kick whiffs on crouches. You can punish Akuma's Fireball with Venomous Fang.  The second hit of Akuma's Stand Heavy Kick whiffs on crouches.  You can wait until it passes over your head and then punish with Crouch Medium Kick.
 Akuma's Air Fireball is tricky to stop.  From close ranges, Crouch Heavy kick is your most consistent option.  From further out, you can respond with a forward jump of your own, drive impact, od lash or venomous fang.  Keep in mind though that these options all lose to regular jumps.  Only use them if your certain air fireball is coming. If you're unsure what air option Akuma is going to use, the safest option is generally just a backdash.
 You can reliably punish demon flip with stand heavy kick. This leads to a full juggle.  If you made it this far into the guide, we're at the end now um i'd just like to thank everyone  who uh has been supporting my stream and my youtube lately if you've got any questions that  you feel were not covered by the guide you can always drop into the stream and ask i try and  help where i can and uh yeah i will see you guys in the next video
